.TH sctp_test 1
.SH NAME
sctp_test \- Send and receive messages via SCTP

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sctp_test -H -P -h -p -l|s

.SH DESCRIPTION
 This is a userspace test application for the SCTP Linux kernel reference
implementation.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.IP "-H \fIlocal-addr\fP"
.IP "-P \fIlocal-port\fP"
.IP "-h \fIremote-addr\fP"
.IP "-p \fIremote-port\fP"
.IP "-s"
Act as client
.IP "-l"
Listen for connections (server) 
.IP "-a \fIassoc_pattern\fP"
assoc_pattern in the mixed mode
0 = sequential ascending(default)
1 = random
.IP "-d \fIdebug\fP"
0 = none
1 = min(default)
2 = max
.IP "-c \fItestcase\fP"
0 = 1 byte packets.
1 = 1352 byte packets.
    (fragmentation point for an i/f with 1500 as mtu.)
2 = 1353 byte packets.
    (min. size at which fragmentation occurs
    for an i/f with 1500 as mtu.)
3 = Sequence of 1, 1353, 32768 byte packets.
4 = Sequence of following size packets.
    (1, 1000, 2000, 3000, 5000, 10000,15000, 20000, 25000, 32768)
5 = 32768 byte packets.
    (default max receive window size.)
6 = random size packets.
.IP "-ve \fIvalue\fP"
Packets of specifed size.
.IP "-m \fImsgsize\fP"
(1500-65515, default value 32768)
.IP "-x \fInumber_of_repeats\fP"
.IP "-o \fIorder_pattern\fP"
0 = all unordered(default)
1 = all ordered
2 = alternating
3 = random
.I "-t \fIstream_pattern\fP"
 0 = sequential ascending(default)
 1 = random
.I "-M \fImax_stream\fP"
(default value 0)
.I "-r \fIseed\fP"
(default 0, use time())
.I "-L \fInum_ports\fP"
(default value 0). Run the mixed mode
.I "-S \fInum_ports\fP"
(default value 0). Run the mixed mode
.I "-D"
Drain. If in client mode do a read following send.

.SH USAGE
.PP
.B server:
.B sctp_test -H \fIlocal_addr\fP -P \fIlocal_port\fP -l

.PP
.B client:
.B sctp_test -H \fIlocal_addr\fP -P \fIlocal_port\fP -h \fIremote_addr\fP
 -p \fIremote-port\fP -s

.SH AUTHOR
Michael Biebl <biebl@debian.org>
