.TH sctp_darn 1
.SH NAME
sctp_darn \- Send and receive messages via SCTP

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B sctp_darn 
-H \fIlocal_address\fP -P \fIlocal_port\fP [-h \fIremote_host\fP] [-p \fIremote_port\fP] -l|s

.SH DESCRIPTION

This is a userspace test application for the SCTP Linux kernel reference
implementation state machine.  It is vaguely inspired by Stevens'
program "sock".

It has the limited ability to send messages and to listen for messages
sent via SCTP.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.IP "-H, --local \fIlocal_address\fP"            
specify one of the local addresses
.IP "-P, --local-port \fIlocal_port\fP"       
specify the port number for local addresses
.IP "-h, --remote \fIremote_address\fP"
specify the peer address
.IP "-p, --remote-port \fIremote_port\fP"      
specify the port number for the peer address
.IP "-l, --listen"           
print messages received from the peer
.IP "-s, --send"             
send messages to the peer
.IP "-B, --bindx-add \fIaddress\fP"        
add the specified address(es) as additional bind
addresses to the local socket. Multiple addresses can
be specified by this argument multiple times.
For example, '-B 10.0.0.1 -B 20.0.0.2'.
.IP "-b, --bindx-rem \fIaddress\fP"        
remove the specified address(es) from the bind
addresses of the local socket. Multiple addresses can
be specified by this argument multiple times.
For example, '-b 10.0.0.1 -b 20.0.0.2'.
.IP "-I"                     
use the interactive mode.
.IP "-i"
setup the specified number of endpoints by using the
specified local host (-H) and local port (-P). The port
number will be incremented by one for each additional
endpoint.  All of these endpoints will be listening.
If a remote host (-h) and a remote port are also
specified, the first endpoint will start sending fixed
sized messages to the remote host.
.IP "-m \fIsize\fP"                     
specify the sockopt sndbuf/rcvbuf size.
.IP "-n"
set the socket(s) to be in the non-blocking mode.
collect messages from stdin and deliver them to the peer
.IP "--use-poll"              
use system call poll() for polling among the
number of endpoints specified by the -i option. Without
this option, select() would be used as default.
.IP "-t"
use SOCK_STREAM tcp-style sockets.
.IP "-z \fIsize\fP"
specify the message size to be sent.  The default
message size generated would be 16K.
.IP "--interface \fIifname\fP"   
select interface for sin6_scope_id.

.SH AUTHOR
Michael Biebl <biebl@debian.org>
